# Add support for "resolving" symlinks.

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

While working in https://github.com/gruntwork-io/package-kafka (note to public users: this is a private repo) to enable the loading of bash mocks, I needed a way for [gruntwork-install](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-installer) to both download the module files and also convert a symlink in a module folder (e.g. `/module/foo/bash --> /_bash/live`) to a "hard link" that contains the same file or folder contents as the symlink target.

This PR implements that as `--resolve-symlinks`.

**Edit:** Note that this change is backwards compatible because the `--resolve-symlinks` options defaults to `false`.
<br />
***


**brikis98** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

> I needed a way for gruntwork-install to both download the module files and also convert a symlink in a module folder (e.g. /module/foo/bash --> /_bash/live) to a "hard link" that contains the same file or folder contents as the symlink target.

Why? Why are you using symlinks at all? 
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

> Why are you using symlinks at all?

See https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork-installer/pull/26#issuecomment-374910404 for ongoing discussion.
***

**josh-padnick** commented *Mar 21, 2018*

Based on great discussions with the team, the use case that motivated this feature (#38) is better handled by treating recursive dependencies as a first-class problem, whereas this is really a hacky approach to solving that.

Although this is kind of a handy feature, code is both an asset and a liability, so I'm closing this PR without merging in the name of having slightly less code to maintain. That being said, there are some general nice improvements to the code style here.
***

