# Fix to ensure specifying source-path does not download unwanted files

**vedala** commented *Sep 3, 2019*

This PR fixes issue #37 .

The extractFiles function needed a very simple change to fix this issue. Since source-path specifies a folder, appending a "/" to pathPrefix variable makes sure that we download only files from within the folder specified in source-path.

I also added a zip file to test-fixtures folder which ensures that the test scenario specified in the issue description is tested.
<br />
***


**vedala** commented *Sep 5, 2019*

@brikis98 thanks for your comments.

I agree that appending a literal `"/"` could be highly OS/platform dependent.

I will work on finding a solution based on your suggestion -  converting `f.name` and `pathPrefix` to canonical paths and comparing them.
***

**vedala** commented *Sep 5, 2019*

Also wanted to respond to your comment about trailing slash being present in the `--source-path` arg.

In the line just above the line I added, the call to `filepath.Join()` removes any trailing slashes. I thought I would quickly mention.
***

**vedala** commented *Sep 5, 2019*

I updated the code to what I believe handles all cases now.

I am using `continue` to skip specific cases in `for` loop instead of using a `if` check. I felt this resulted in simpler `if` conditions. I also retained the original indentation so that unmodified code does not show up in diff.

Please see the comments in code for an explanation how I check for each case.
***

**brikis98** commented *Sep 10, 2019*

Tests passed. Merging.
***

**brikis98** commented *Sep 10, 2019*

https://github.com/gruntwork-io/fetch/releases/tag/v0.3.7
***

**vedala** commented *Sep 10, 2019*

Thanks!
***

