# Add a proper logger to fetch

**robmorgan** commented *Feb 3, 2021*

This PR introduces a proper logger to `fetch` to ensure it's output is in line with other Gruntwork tools. It also makes integration testing much easier and solves the following issues:

 - #30 
 - #89

**Note:** This PR must be merged after #88 as it improves upon it.

#### Design Notes

- I noticed a lot of methods required multiple string params instead of a single `FetchOptions` struct, so I’m directly passing in a logger to follow the same pattern in most methods.
- I added the `logrus` library but only saw the macOS binary increase by 100kb from 8.9M to ~9.0M.

#### Progress

- [x] Replaced all of the `fmt.Printf` calls.
- [x] Introduced the `logrus` library.
<br />
***


**robmorgan** commented *Feb 3, 2021*

> Nice, thanks Rob!
> 
> We should probably add a `--log-level` param so you can control the amount of logging.

Thanks! Yeah, I intentionally avoided that and instead defaulted to 'INFO'. I wasn't sure if it made sense because I would either suppress a lot of the existing messages by default or we'd need to sprinkle in a few debug messages around the place to actually make it useful. I thought it would be easier to leave it out to under complicate this PR, but I agree it's something we'd want in the future. I could add it but default it to 'INFO' then people can override it to 'ERROR' or 'DEBUG'. What do you think?
***

**robmorgan** commented *Feb 4, 2021*

@brikis98 okay I've added a `--log-level` option and ported the logging code over to `gruntwork-cli`. To actually make the `--log-level` option worthwhile I've sprinkled in a few `DEBUG` log entries, so execute `fetch` using `--log-level debug` to see them.
***

